Apocalyptic Vignettes, a minimalist zombie survival RPG.

One dice primitive: 3d6.
< 7: failure to various degrees
8-10: Partial success
11-13: Success
14-18: rule of cool success

The 3d6 total determines the overall outcome. Each individual die in it,
determines which parts of the outcome succeed or fail. The first roll is for
trying, the second is for doing, and the third is the immediate consequence.
Numbers >3 are successes, numbers < 3 are failures. A player rolls a 3+6+1=10,
they succeed in it but do it awkwardly. They roll a 2+2+3=7, they fumble and
maybe get injured trying it, and it ends up making too much noise but they just
barely manage to succeed. Etc.

You play as yourself, right now. No statsheet, no modifiers to nonexistent
stats. You don't have glowing numbers on your forehead quantifying your charisma
or strength, after all. You presumably know yourself better. 

It's *vignettes*, there is no late game. You have no idea how you'd react after
only a few days into an apocalypse. The further the game goes, the more alien
the player's character will be from themselves, the more extrapolation is
required. Games should be short, slices of life of the first day of the end of
the world.

----

Role a d20 to decide who goes first. Highest number is primary player character
(PPC).

If it's their first game of AV, they start in their exact location, with what
they have on them. Afterwards, they can branch out.

They can only encounter other player characters in places where either everyone
knows (7/11's, etc) or where the player doesn't know. This allows the primary
player to create locational verisimilitude while preventing another PC from
introducing jarring assumptions (assuming the PPC lives in a house rather than
apartment, etc). 

The PPC provides realism, the players create the narrative, and
the GM just tries to keep that narrative from spinning its wheels.

----

Several different zombie types: Seanan McGuire's Kellis-Amberlee, Joe McKinney's
Dead City, Romero, 28 days later, etc. Doesn't matter much.

---

Each game begins with stating the above, maybe requests for a specific type of
zombie, etc.

D20 is rolled, PPC is chosen. 

If it's their first game, they're asked to take a moment to look around their
room, peek out windows, pat themselves down, maybe pull up a google map of their
neighborhood.

Then the scenario begins.
